d Improves usage documenation in all packages (#37)
quatico-solutions/websmith: packages/webpack/README.md

}
```

> **Note:** The webpack loader expected a target called `executeAddons`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The webpack loader will expect a target called `executeAddons` which we need to configure in the webpack configuration.
```

> **Note:** The webpack loader expected a target called `executeAddons`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The webpack loader will expect a target called `executeAddons` which we need to configure in the webpack configuration.
```
